# CarDealershipApplication
We have developed a new car dealership application that allows customers, branches and the admin to interact with each other through this application. This application allows the user to create a customer account and employee account with a built in admin account with the following credentials : username = admin, and password = admin. In this application, the admin has two different types of functionalities that they can perform. The first one is a managed account, where they can delete any type of account. The second one is managed services, where they can add , delete and change existing services that are offered by the company.

Once an employee account is created, the application will ask for the user to enter info about the branch such as location, phone number and working hours before they are allowed to sign into their account. Once an employee is signed in, they can later change these info whenever they want. The employees are also allowed to offer services that were added by the admin and delete services that they no longer want to access. They can also approve and reject service requests that are created by customer accounts and notify the customer of that decision.

Once a customer logs into their account, they are able to search for branches that they want to do business with and create service requests based on their selection of their branch. They are latered notified when the status of their service request has changed. They can also rate and leave comments to any branch that they desire, while also being able to view the comments that another customer has on each branch.
